- So I love using search,
and then I love the search
capability use AI mode.
So I think people should go and try that.
Ooh, and you know what I love?
I love things also in Google Photos.
People need to mess with
Google Photos, okay?
I love Magic Erase, right?
Like, you can take,
like, I love taking
things out of pictures.
I love Circle to Search.
I like saying, "Hey, I
want something like this.
Can you help me find it?"
And I like to use, it's like a long list.
I think it's great to support,
for instance, local
artists, local designers,
clothing designers or jewelry designers.
And the ability to find them
now is easier than ever, right?
Because you can search for people
that are doing quite unique things
or things that are quite
bespoke to what you want.
That is cool.